# Covid-19-Analysis
# Projects Description:
With the help of Python library which name is plotly , matplotlib, seaborn etc  do some analysis of current situation of the world abd as wll as india.\
# Abstract:
[3]Corona virus 2019, also referred to as COVID-19 created a situation where the world got locked when a pandemic was announced because of it. It is an infectious disease and is a kind of cluster of RNA Viruses. At present time (2020) researchers are really working hard to discover various factors and parameters of COVID-19 to contain its spread. Not only in the medical area, but in various other fields also, are people researching to contain it properly.
Data sets are present on various online platforms of research institutions that are working on it. With the help of those data sets, important results may be drawn on some parameters which may be helpful to control this disease in various zones. 
The objective of this study is to provide worldwide analysis and of COVID 19 pandemic on some factors such as rate of increment of cases, mortality rate, caseload per million populations, comparison between some highly infected countries including India, and individual analysis of India on above parameters which were provided by the [1]data set in April 2020 using Graphical representations made by a programming language Python.
# Introduction
[4]Covid19 or Sars Cov2 is a contagious disease that happened due to novel coronavirus. In late December 2019, suddenly pneumonia cases were found in the city of Wuhan in China. This virus has originated from the seafood market of Wuhan. At this stage, this disease has spread all over the world. And we all are directly or indirectly suffering from this disease. Now due to this situation each country is focusing on a better policy to control this virus until the vaccine comes. One of the best in terms of dealing with this virus is a better understanding of this disease so that we can make a better policy. So, here the AI or Data analysis is the ultimate solution that gives us a detailed insight along with a better understanding. We can draw different graphs and analyse the trend of the disease, focused mainly on India.
# Conclusion:
Observations from the plot results in to come at a point of concern regarding the factors to control this virus. The number of active cases in India is increasing but not rapidly (keeping aside a factor “testing amount”) as compared to the USA. The number of cases in the USA is increasing rapidly and it is an Alarming situation for the USA. The mortality rate of South Korea is lowest and showing some positive sign and their better handling capability. The subplot of cases per million showing that china is flattening in the curve showing It would be in better condition in near future. In the case of Testing done, tests per million in India is 0.452, which is very low as compared to other countries and therefore India needs to increase its Testing facility as soon as possible. 
